This company is a sponsor of the Rush Limbaugh radio show.  This means that Proflowers pays for and profits from Mr. Limbaugh's hate speechs against women and non-Caucasian people.
Normally I buy the Fruztio Freeze Dried Apricots made by Crispy Green Co. and they are DELICIOUS- but the store I was getting them from was out of stock for a very long time. So, I decided to try the cantaloupe since I like fresh cantaloupe...how bad could they be?<br />My only choice was a large multi-pack bag, so I forked up the money with high hopes.  I tore into the bag, appreciating the single serve sized bags inside. I opened one up and took a bite. Blech! yuck! These tasted like green, under-ripe canteloupe! I was hoping for that super sweet-I could eat this whole melon- sort of flavor....but no.<br />These were so bad that I threw the whole multi-pack away, and that's saying A LOT, because I'm very frugal with my food purchases. I just knew I would NEVER eat the rest of them. Wish I could give a better review, but i can't.<br />But I do recommend the apricots that I mentioned....they are super flavorful and delicious if you love that tart apricot flavor!
I bought this based on the rave reviews posted previously -- but one of the main ingredients is MSG. There's gotta be a way to make a good BBQ rub that's not loaded with the stuff, which gives me and my wife nasty headaches.......
Gold Prince has made a terrible mistake.  There are two products.  COLDAID and FLUAID.  THey are different formulary.  Unfortunately they display Fluaid picture on the Amazon website and their own website but the words are COLDAID.  THere is a separate product for Coldaid.  Regardless -- if you order the FLUAID on AMAZON you will get the COLDAID...the picture is not the product...the words under the drop down menu are worthless...as they all default to the same product COLDAID.  If you want FLUAID, which is the superior product, don't buy it from AMAZON or off of the sellers website.  It is a mistake.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002P936UK/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
I used quotes around the word tea because I doubt that the bags contain tea.  I wouldn't be surprised if the bags contained ground up sticks instead of tea.  I would not give this product a single star; it deserves zero stars in my opinion.<br />This tool is not allowing me to continue without giving the product at least one star.
